README.md, before:

# BitGo API Documentation

Please submit a pull request with any documentation changes you may find!

## API Documentation Update Process For BitGo Employees

Any time a new commit is pushed to the remote master branch, Jenkins will run Slate (our API documentation generator) and convert the `index.html.md` file into HTML. This HTML can be viewed at https://bitgo.github.io/bitgo-docs/.

### Steps to Update Documentation at https://bitgo.github.io/bitgo-docs/

1. Review `index.html.md`, making sure the changes are correct
2. `arc diff` the changes for review, and then land it once it's accepted
3. Go to https://bitgo.github.io/bitgo-docs/ to make sure HTML is correct

### Steps to Update Documentation at bitgo.com/api

1. Perform the above steps for updating the docs at https://bitgo.github.io/bitgo-docs/
2. `git checkout` the `gh-pages` branch, which will contain the HTML file served by https://bitgo.github.io/bitgo-docs/
3. Copy the `index.html` file into the BitGo client repository's static/api/ directory
4. Run the server locally and go to http://localhost:3000/api and make sure the HTML is correct
4. Create a diff in the BitGo client repository and land it once it's accepted

Commit message:

update README to say user should copy over all files and folders, not just

README.md, after:

# BitGo API Documentation

Please submit a pull request with any documentation changes you may find!

## API Documentation Update Process For BitGo Employees

Any time a new commit is pushed to the remote master branch, Jenkins will run Slate (our API documentation generator) and convert the `index.html.md` file into HTML. This HTML can be viewed at https://bitgo.github.io/bitgo-docs/.

### Steps to Update Documentation at https://bitgo.github.io/bitgo-docs/

1. Review `index.html.md`, making sure the changes are correct
2. `arc diff` the changes for review, and then land it once it's accepted
3. Go to https://bitgo.github.io/bitgo-docs/ to make sure HTML is correct

### Steps to Update Documentation at bitgo.com/api

1. Perform the above steps for updating the docs at https://bitgo.github.io/bitgo-docs/
2. `git checkout` the `gh-pages` branch, which will contain the files and directories generated by Slate
3. Copy all folders and files into the BitGo client repository's static/api/ directory
4. Run the server locally and go to http://localhost:3000/api and make sure the HTML is correct
4. Create a diff in the BitGo client repository and land it once it's accepted
